Add mesh tutorials to the main tutorials branch (#1908)
ansys/pydpf-core: doc/source/user_guide/tutorials/mesh/explore_mesh.rst

            # Import the operators module
            from ansys.dpf.core import operators as ops

            # Define the result file path
            result_file_path_3 = examples.download_fluent_axial_comp()["flprj"]
            # Create the model
            model_3 = dpf.Model(data_sources=result_file_path_3)
            # Get the mesh
            meshed_region_3 = model_3.metadata.meshed_region

    .. tab-item:: CFX

        .. jupyter-execute::

            # Import the ``ansys.dpf.core`` module
            from ansys.dpf import core as dpf
            # Import the examples module
            from ansys.dpf.core import examples
            # Import the operators module
            from ansys.dpf.core import operators as ops

            # Define the result file path
            result_file_path_4 = examples.download_cfx_mixing_elbow()
            # Create the model
            model_4 = dpf.Model(data_sources=result_file_path_4)
            # Get the mesh
            meshed_region_4 = model_4.metadata.meshed_region

Explore the mesh data
---------------------

You can access the mesh data by manipulating the |MeshedRegion| object methods.
The mesh data includes :

> - Unit;
> - Nodes, elements and faces;
> - Named selections: .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unit
- Nodes, elements and faces
- Named selections
```

> When instantiating nodes, elements, faces and named selections you get the corresponding DPF objects:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :method:`MeshedRegion.nodes <ansys.dpf.core.meshed_region.MeshedRegion.nodes>`, :method:`MeshedRegion.elements <ansys.dpf.core.meshed_region.MeshedRegion.elements>`, :method:`MeshedRegion.faces <ansys.dpf.core.meshed_region.MeshedRegion.faces>` and :method:`MeshedRegion.named_selections <ansys.dpf.core.meshed_region.MeshedRegion.named_selections>` properties give corresponding DPF objects:
```

> When instantiating nodes, elements, faces and named selections you get the corresponding DPF objects:

Reviewer 3: I don't think instantiating is the right word. Maybe more "calling the `nodes`, `elements [...] properties" ?

            # Print the available properties
            print("Available properties: ", available_props_2)

    .. tab-item:: Fluent

        .. jupyter-execute::

            # Get the available properties
            available_props_3 = meshed_region_3.available_property_fields

            # Print the available properties
            print("Available properties: ", available_props_3)

    .. tab-item:: CFX

        .. jupyter-execute::

            # Get the available properties
            available_props_4 = meshed_region_4.available_property_fields

            # Print the available properties
            print("Available properties: ", available_props_4)

You can also chose which property you want to extract.

When extracting the properties you get a |PropertyField| with that information. Their data is mapped to
the entity they are defined at.

Here, we extract the element types for the mesh elements.

The element type is given as a number. See the |element_types| to find the
corresponding element name.

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: MAPDL

        .. jupyter-execute::

            # Get the element types on the mesh

>             el_types_1 = meshed_region_1.property_field(property_name="eltype")

Reviewer 3: There is a dedicated property to get the element types. I wouldn't use `property_field` with the string

>             el_types_1 = meshed_region_1.property_field(property_name="eltype")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            el_types_1 = meshed_region_1.elements.element_types_field
```

.. _tutorials_explore_mesh:

==============
Explore a mesh
==============

:bdg-warning:`MAPDL` :bdg-success:`LSDYNA` :bdg-info:`Fluent` :bdg-light:`CFX`

.. |MeshedRegion| replace:: :class:`MeshedRegion <ansys.dpf.core.meshed_region.MeshedRegion>`
.. |Model| replace:: :class:`Model <ansys.dpf.core.model.Model>`
.. |DataSources| replace:: :class:`Model <ansys.dpf.core.data_sources.DataSources>`
.. |MeshInfo| replace:: :class:`MeshInfo <ansys.dpf.core.mesh_info.MeshInfo>`
.. |Nodes| replace:: :class:`Nodes <ansys.dpf.core.nodes.Nodes>`
.. |Elements| replace:: :class:`Elements <ansys.dpf.core.elements.Elements>`
.. |Faces| replace:: :class:`Faces <ansys.dpf.core.faces.Faces>`
.. |Scoping| replace:: :class:`Scoping <ansys.dpf.core.scoping.Scoping>`
.. |PropertyField| replace:: :class:`PropertyField <ansys.dpf.core.property_field.PropertyField>`

This tutorial explains how to access the mesh data and metadata (data about the elements, nodes, faces, region, zone ...)
so it can be manipulated.

> The mesh object in DPF is a |MeshedRegion|. You can obtain a |MeshedRegion| by creating your
> own by scratch or by getting it from a result file. For more information check the
> :ref:`tutorials_create_a_mesh_from_scratch` and :ref:`tutorials_get_mesh_from_result_file` tutorials.

Author: ```suggestion

```
